Promote uv in installation guides (#14056)
astral-sh/ruff: docs/faq.md

Nope! Ruff is available as [`ruff`](https://pypi.org/project/ruff/) on PyPI:

```console

> $ uv tool install ruff  # Global
> $ uv add --dev ruff  # Project
> $ pip install ruff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# With uv.
$ uv add --dev ruff     # to add ruff to your project
$ uv tool install ruff  # to install ruff globally

# With pip
$ pip install ruff
```
